{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green51\blue153;\red120\green120\blue120;}
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\sa180\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs36\b\cf2 IGC Champion Pilot of the Year \endash  2026\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa180\sl276\slmult1\b World Soaring Cup\b0\par

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs28\b\cf2 Data source\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
SoaringSpot MCP, contest 5249 \endash  \i 40th FAI World Gliding Championships\i0 , Cz\'eastochowa-Rudniki, Poland, 16\endash 30 May 2026. The MCP credentials are scoped to this single contest (client ID prefix 5249_), which is the WGC of the current championship calendar year. Three classes were flown, each with 10 official tasks.\par

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs28\b\cf2 Method\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
For each class champion:\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs20 ratio = champion's final score \'f7 maximum possible score\f0\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
where \b maximum possible score\b0  = the sum, over the 10 official tasks, of each day's top (day-winner's) points \endash  i.e. the maximum points available each day after devaluation. The pilot with the highest ratio across all world-champion classes wins.\par

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs28\b\cf2 Results\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx3000\cellx5400\cellx6300\cellx7700\cellx9100\cellx10300
\intbl\b Class\cell Champion\cell Nat\cell Final score\cell Max possible\cell Ratio\b0\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx3000\cellx5400\cellx6300\cellx7700\cellx9100\cellx10300
\intbl\b 18 Metre\cell Victor Mallick\cell FRA\cell 8440\cell 8842\cell 0.9545  (winner)\b0\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx3000\cellx5400\cellx6300\cellx7700\cellx9100\cellx10300
\intbl 20 m Multi-Seat\cell Karsten Leucker (& Omsels)\cell GER\cell 8338\cell 8853\cell 0.9418\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx3000\cellx5400\cellx6300\cellx7700\cellx9100\cellx10300
\intbl Open\cell Felipe Levin\cell GER\cell 8945\cell 9517\cell 0.9399\cell\row

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs28\b\cf2 Winner\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
\b Victor Mallick (France) \endash  18 Metre Class\b0  is the IGC Champion Pilot of the Year and takes the World Soaring Cup, with a ratio of \b 0.9545 (95.45%)\b0  of the maximum possible score \endash  the highest among all three world champions.\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1
Although Levin's Open total (8945) was the highest raw score, the Open class had a higher achievable maximum (9517, since 8 of 10 days were valued at the full 1000 points), so his percentage of the maximum was the lowest of the three.\par

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs28\b\cf2 Caveat\b0\cf1\fs22\par
\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\cf3
These are the only World-Championship classes reachable through the supplied MCP credentials. If other WGCs were held elsewhere in 2026 (e.g. Club / Standard / 15 m / Women's / Junior), each would need its own per-competition credentials to be included in the comparison.\cf1\par

\pard\sa120\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs18
Generated 2026-06-02 from SoaringSpot MCP (contest 5249). Formula: formulas/pilot-of-the-year.md\cf1\fs22\par
}
