{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\uc1
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green51\blue153;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\f0\fs22

{\b\fs36\cf2 WGC 2026 \endash  Summary Report}\par
\cf3\fs18 40th FAI World Gliding Championships\par
Generated from SoaringSpot \endash  results official\par
\cf1\fs22\par

{\b\fs26\cf2 Event}\par
\pard
{\b Event:}\tab 40th FAI World Gliding Championships\par
{\b Venue:}\tab Cz\u281?stochowa-Rudniki, Poland\par
{\b Dates:}\tab 16\endash 30 May 2026 (closing 30 May)\par
{\b Format:}\tab 10 scored competition days (19\endash 29 May) + 2 practice days\par
\tab Mix of Racing (polygon) and Assigned-Area (AAT) tasks\par
{\b Classes:}\tab Open, 18 Metre, 20 Metre Multi-Seat\par
\par

{\b\fs26\cf2 Final Medals}\par
\par
{\b OPEN}\par
\tab Gold:\tab Felipe Levin (GER) \endash  8945\par
\tab Silver:\tab Sebastian Kawa (POL) \endash  8938\par
\tab Bronze:\tab Michael Sommer (GER) \endash  8871\par
\par
{\b 18 METRE}\par
\tab Gold:\tab Victor Mallick (FRA) \endash  8440\par
\tab Silver:\tab Christophe Abadie (FRA) \endash  8165\par
\tab Bronze:\tab Stefan Langer (GER) \endash  8051\par
\par
{\b 20 METRE MULTI-SEAT}\par
\tab Gold:\tab Leucker & Omsels (GER) \endash  8338\par
\tab Silver:\tab Grabowski & Czy\u380? (POL) \endash  8300\par
\tab Bronze:\tab Kassai & M\u233?sz\u225?ros (HUN) \endash  8204\par
\par
{\i Germany: 2 golds + 1 bronze. France sweeps gold + silver in 18m.}\par
\par

{\b\fs26\cf2 Evolution of the Podium by Day (cumulative top-3)}\par
\par

{\b\cf2 OPEN \endash  Levin led wire-to-wire; razor-thin finish}\par
\f1\fs18
Day  Leader (pts)        2nd                 3rd\par
 1   Levin      1000     Sommer              Seijffert\par
 2   Levin      1949     Sommer              Kawa\par
 3   Levin      2736     Sommer              Kawa\par
 4   Levin      3736     Sommer              Kawa\par
 5   Levin      4723     Sommer              Kawa\par
 6   Levin      5521     Sommer              Kawa\par
 7   Levin      6166     Sommer              Kawa\par
 8   Levin      7084     Sommer              Kawa\par
 9   Levin      8084     Sommer              Kawa\par
10   Levin      8945     Kawa  8938 (up)     Sommer 8871 (down)\par
\f0\fs22
{\i Final-day AAT: Kawa jumped from 3rd to silver, pushing Sommer to bronze. Gold decided by 7 points.}\par
\par

{\b\cf2 18 METRE \endash  Mallick dominant; silver swapped at the wire}\par
\f1\fs18
Day  Leader (pts)        2nd                 3rd\par
 1   Jaakkola    602     Mallick             Mie\u382?lai\u353?kis\par
 2   Mallick    1480     Abadie              Mie\u382?lai\u353?kis\par
 3   Mallick    2120     Abadie              Langer\par
 4   Mallick    3120     Abadie              Langer\par
 5   Mallick    4071     Abadie              Langer\par
 6   Mallick    4978     Langer 4978 (tie)   Kiessling\par
 7   Mallick    5541     Langer (up)         Abadie (down)\par
 8   Mallick    6522     Langer              Abadie\par
 9   Mallick    7455     Langer              Abadie\par
10   Mallick    8440     Abadie 8165 (up)    Langer 8051 (down)\par
\f0\fs22
{\i Mallick led from Day 2. Abadie lost silver to Langer (D7\endash 9) then reclaimed it on the last day.}\par
\par

{\b\cf2 20 METRE MULTI-SEAT \endash  Germany in control from Day 3}\par
\f1\fs18
Day  Leader (pts)             2nd                  3rd\par
 1   Leucker&Omsels   611     Jones&Coppin         Delfosse\par
 2   Jones&Coppin    1235     Leucker&Omsels       Ghiorzo\par
 3   Leucker&Omsels  1994     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Kassai&M\u233?sz\u225?ros\par
 4   Leucker&Omsels  2944     Woolley&Gateley      Kassai&M\u233?sz\u225?ros\par
 5   Leucker&Omsels  3914     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Woolley&Gateley\par
 6   Leucker&Omsels  4914     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Woolley&Gateley\par
 7   Leucker&Omsels  5652     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Kassai&M\u233?sz\u225?ros\par
 8   Leucker&Omsels  6535     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Woolley&Gateley\par
 9   Leucker&Omsels  7481     Grabowski&Czy\u380?       Kassai&M\u233?sz\u225?ros\par
10   Leucker&Omsels  8338     Grabowski&Czy\u380? 8300   Kassai&M\u233?sz\u225?ros 8204\par
\f0\fs22
{\i After a brief Day-2 lead change, the German crew never relinquished the top. Poland held silver; bronze rotated between Hungary and Australia, settling on Hungary (38-point margin).}\par
\par

{\b\fs26\cf2 Recurring Theme}\par
All three golds went to essentially wire-to-wire leaders, while every silver and bronze was contested into the final day \endash  most dramatically in Open, where the gold gap was just 7 points.\par
}
